docs(720-to-721): Add Model-API HTTL Documentation (#1561)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/720-to-721/_index.md

---

title: "Update from 7.20 to 7.21"
weight: 3
layout: "single"

menu:
  main:
    name: "7.20 to 7.21"
    identifier: "migration-guide-721"
    parent: "migration-guide-minor"
    pre: "Update from `7.20.x` to `7.21.0`."

---

This document guides you through the update from Camunda Platform `7.20.x` to `7.21.0` and covers the following use cases:

> 1. For Developers: [Add Default History Time To Live to BPMN Fluent API](#add-default-history-time-to-live-to-bpmn-fluent-api)

Reviewer: ❌ Please also add the [first two bullet points](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs-manual/blob/master/content/update/minor/719-to-720/_index.md?plain=1#L18) from the previous guide.

Author: Added

This guide covers mandatory migration steps and optional considerations for the initial configuration of new functionality included in Camunda Platform 7.21.

# Add Default History Time To Live to BPMN Fluent API

> Starting with this release, the `BPMN Fluent API Builder` assigns by default a `historyTimeToLive` of **6 months** to processes. You can change this default or pass `null` using the `#setCamundaHistoryTimeToLiveString` API.

Reviewer: 🔧 I wouldn't code format everything and maybe clarify what `null` does.
- BPMN Fluent API Builder could be a link [to the corresponding docs](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/7.20/user-guide/model-api/bpmn-model-api/fluent-builder-api/).
- `historyTimeToLive`: the actual attribute is `camundaHistoryTimeToLive`.

```suggestion
Starting with this release, the [BPMN Fluent API Builder](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/7.20/user-guide/model-api/bpmn-model-api/fluent-builder-api/) assigns by default a history time to live of **6 months** to processes. You can change this default or pass `null` to remove the attribute using the `#setCamundaHistoryTimeToLive` or `#setCamundaHistoryTimeToLiveString` API.
```

(The link needs adjustment)

Author: I've used the suggestion with a relative URL

    pre: "Update from `7.20.x` to `7.21.0`."

---

This document guides you through the update from Camunda Platform `7.20.x` to `7.21.0` and covers the following use cases:

1. For administrators and developers: [Database updates](#database-updates)
1. For administrators and developers: [Full distribution update](#full-distribution)
1. For Developers: [Add Default History Time To Live to BPMN Fluent API](#add-default-history-time-to-live-to-bpmn-fluent-api)

This guide covers mandatory migration steps and optional considerations for the initial configuration of new functionality included in Camunda Platform 7.21.

# Database updates

Every Camunda installation requires a database schema update. Check our [database schema update guide]({{< ref "/installation/database-schema.md#update" >}})
for further instructions.

# Full distribution

This section is applicable if you installed the
[Full Distribution]({{< ref "/introduction/downloading-camunda.md#full-distribution" >}})
with a **shared process engine**.

The following steps are required:

1. Update the Camunda libraries and applications inside the application server.
2. Migrate custom process applications.

> Before starting, ensure you have downloaded the Camunda Platform 7.20 distribution for the application server you use. This contains the SQL scripts and libraries required for the update. This guide assumes you have unpacked the distribution to a path named `$DISTRIBUTION_PATH`.

Reviewer: 🔧

```suggestion
Before starting, ensure you have downloaded the Camunda Platform 7.21 distribution for the application server you use. This contains the SQL scripts and libraries required for the update. This guide assumes you have unpacked the distribution to a path named `$DISTRIBUTION_PATH`.
```
